## Data Source

  The reservoir database contains 5 columns: Reservoirs, Watershed, Storage (BG), Capacity (BG), and Outflow (BGD). There are two main watersheds from Catskill/Delaware and Croton System, each having its designated reservoirs. Catskill/Delaware has 6 specific reservoirs: Ashokan, Schoharie, Rondout, Neversink, Pepacton, and Cannonsville. Data for Storage and Outflow were collected from NYC Open Data, where the current reservoir levels and details were available, and the Capacity was taken from the NYC government database. For the Croton System, two reservoirs were collected: New Croton and Jerome Park. The New Croton Capacity data was accessible from the NYC government database [12]and Outflow data was taken from USGS. New Croton Reservoir data was mainly selected since it is the collecting point from all reservoirs in the Croton Watershed. Jerome Park Reservoir was built to help distribute water and also as an additional source of water storage within the city. From the NYC government database, the capacity data was available, whereas the Outflow data had to be extrapolated.

## Data Handling

  For the Catskill/Delaware watershed, we filtered and sorted out the required columns and renamed the names based on the data dictionary provided along with the dataset. Storage and Capacity were already in the desired measurement of billion gallons (BG), and we converted the Outflow measurement to billion gallons per day (BGD) from million gallons per day (MGD) in order to keep the measurements consistent and easy to follow. From the dataset, it was difficult to view all the corresponding data for each of the reservoirs, so we transposed the data columns, portraying a vivid display for later calculations or necessary extractions for modeling.
